# Week #4: Coding, Coding and MORE Coding 

This week in class we spent the day coding in processing, YAY! Which isn’t sarcastic because I was actually super keen to get back into it and practice my skills a bit more. In the first half we were introduced to adding fonts and also using text within the designs. I think the best things I learnt from this was 1. How you upload the fonts into the processing file and 2. How you need to use a codeword for the font to be accessed. It was interesting to learn that you can’t just use the computer file normally, but you need to add it into the coding document for the program to access. Along with using a codeword in the program to essentially tell processing “when I say this, do this” which was a cool thing to learn within the language. Later in the day it was still developing on that document and working out how to make the words spin when you move the mouse, kind of like a mandala. So, this was very beautiful to work with. 

For the rest of the week my group and I spent most of our time working on the Re-Readings video. This ended up being a tougher task than we expected because we had probably the most technical difficulties you could imagine! We spent most our time trying to sort that out that we ended up doing all the recording and editing in less than 24 hours!! But regardless of all of that I’m super proud of us and what we achieved. The video turned out really well creating a melancholy interpretation of the section which helped give some variation from it being a horror genre. The world in Minecraft that we used incorporated some awesome biomes such as the ocean, nether and ice biomes. We wanted the world to take major focus as well as the animals and NPCs (Non-Playable Characters) since it is such a big thing in Minecraft. This project was super fun and I loved having the chance to get back into a game that I love so much.   

