Week #8 – More Prototype Sharing and Coding with Classes 
This morning was our whole class shared their big ideas for their projects. This was definitely daunting to share my idea, but it was so cool to see how different everyone’s ideas are, and it inspired mine to be even cooler! However, since last week I developed a really cool idea inspired by the words in my section “computer wilds”. So, the user starts off seeing a jungle environment covering the screen in leaves. As the mouse moves across the screen the environment inverts colours and almost glitches like a computer-generated environment. While this happens the sound of an angry tiger plays, making it seem as though it’s a tiger hiding behind the leaves. As the colours cycle through the site will ask the user if it wants to see the “beast” when clicked yes, the leaves will move to show a little cute kitty sleeping a looking sweet. It’s based on the idea from the text that it seems way scarier from the outside that it actually is. There’s way more good to these viruses in unique ways that people forget. The style also incorporates the illustration that I wanted to include! There’s a lot of extra animation/drawing required for the project but I’m really enjoying this idea!

To finish off the day we did even more coding which involved us being introduced to “classes”. Even reflecting on this after I’m still a little bit confused about what they are but to learn even more I’m going to explain my understanding. So basically “classes” are a pre-set template for objects, details or information. If I wanted to say (for example we were working with in class) “hey, words! Jiggle when you come on screen!” a class can set that up so that you don’t have do a separate set up every time. Again, its super complicated to my design brain, but very cool indeed. I love how the wiggly letters turned out regardless and depending on how my own project goes I could use a similar technique. 

